FreeSans: http://savannah.nongnu.org/projects/freefont/

This font is covered by the GPL.



DejaVu: http://dejavu.sourceforge.net/

Fonts are (c) Bitstream (see below). DejaVu changes are in public domain.

Bitstream Vera Fonts Copyright
------------------------------

Copyright (c) 2003 by Bitstream, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Bitstream Vera is
a trademark of Bitstream, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of the fonts accompanying this license ("Fonts") and associated
documentation files (the "Font Software"), to reproduce and distribute the
Font Software, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, merge,
publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of the Font Software, and to permit
persons to whom the Font Software is furnished to do so, subject to the
following conditions:

The above copyright and trademark notices and this permission notice shall
be included in all copies of one or more of the Font Software typefaces.

The Font Software may be modified, altered, or added to, and in particular
the designs of glyphs or characters in the Fonts may be modified and
additional glyphs or characters may be added to the Fonts, only if the fonts
are renamed to names not containing either the words "Bitstream" or the word
"Vera".

This License becomes null and void to the extent applicable to Fonts or Font
Software that has been modified and is distributed under the "Bitstream
Vera" names.

The Font Software may be sold as part of a larger software package but no
copy of one or more of the Font Software typefaces may be sold by itself.

THE FONT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF COPYRIGHT, PATENT,
TRADEMARK, OR OTHER RIGHT. IN NO EVENT SHALL BITSTREAM OR THE GNOME
FOUNDATION BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, INCLUDING
ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF
THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE FONT SOFTWARE OR FROM OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
FONT SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the names of Gnome, the Gnome
Foundation, and Bitstream Inc., shall not be used in advertising or
otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in this Font Software
without prior written authorization from the Gnome Foundation or Bitstream
Inc., respectively. For further information, contact: fonts at gnome dot
org.

$Id: LICENSE,v 1.1 2004/08/14 15:50:46 src Exp $



sazanami-gothic: http://sourceforge.jp/projects/efont/

sazanami-gothic.ttf (ttf-sazanami-gothic)
  Copyright (c) 1990-2003
        Wada Laboratory, the University of Tokyo. All rights reserved.
  Copyright (c) 2003-2004
        Electronic Font Open Laboratory (/efont/). All rights reserved.
 
  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
  are met:
  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
     this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
     this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
     and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
  3. Neither the name of the Wada Laboratory, the University of Tokyo nor
     the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
     derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY WADA LABORATORY, THE UNIVERSITY OF TOKYO AND
  CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT
  NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
  PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE LABORATORY OR
  CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
  EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
  PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS;
  OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
  WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
  OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
  ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

